well tell me about your run and tell me
how you felt about your young horse yeah
my seven-year-old his name is hopes
money boy that was so fast I can't even
tell you what happened that was fun I
didn't know he decided it must have felt
like the Prairie circuit finals cuz he
loved it there and he loved this pin so
maybe he just went maybe you just need
to move in Oklahoma yeah I don't think
so but he is tired of Nebraska was so
cold this winter yes so how important is
it for you to be at this Ram National
circuit finals rodeo well this is a big
big start to my ear so I didn't do real
good at Denver or Fort Worth so this is
a big start and a big help to my ego
yeah well how do you how do you take
care of your horse at this point you
know how do you what do you do to kind
of help him celebrate no you don't need
to help him he's a happy child all the
time he's rough on me I knew he could do
that I wasn't at all sure I could yeah
it's not a question of helping him it's
a question of leaving him alone so he
can do it he'd really likes to do this
what is his what is his biggest
attribute just just wanting into that
pattern he likes to turn he likes to be
fast being between yes he does he don't
like the fuss out there with the team
ropers and everybody around him is his
bad point yeah yeah I had what he did
you train this horse on your own and how
did you get him ready and when did you
really break him out to get him ready
well last year was his first year I
pretty much trained name had one month
of somebody else for basics and then
last year oh gosh i an was about his
second rodeo and he can focus pretty
well on barrels or I wouldn't have done
that and he was one whole lot of placing
very good so how long do you think you
want to keep doing this well till he
gets me off I could be any run yeah any
day yeah and you are 70 years old I am I
will be 71 in June